Add RU calcuation to explain docs (#14956)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-explain-analyze.md

>
> This value shows the actual RUs consumed by this execution. The same SQL statement might consume different amounts of RUs each time it is executed due to the effects of caching (for example, [coprocessor cache](/coprocessor-cache.md)).

The RU count can be calculated from the other values in `EXPLAIN ANALYZE`; specifically, the `executeInfo` block. For example, given:

```

>  'executeInfo': 'time:2.55ms, loops:2, RU:0.329460, Get:{num_rpc:1, '
>                 'total_time:2.13ms}, total_process_time: 231.5µs, '
>                 'total_wait_time: 732.9µs, tikv_wall_time: 995.8µs, '
>                 'scan_detail: {total_process_keys: 1, total_process_keys_size: '
>                 '150, total_keys: 1, get_snapshot_time: 691.7µs, rocksdb: '
>                 '{block: {cache_hit_count: 2, read_count: 1, read_byte: 8.19 '
>                 'KB, read_time: 10.3µs}}}',

Reviewer: Maybe we can format this a bit more:
```suggestion
 'executeInfo':
     time:2.55ms, 
     loops:2, 
     RU:0.329460, 
     Get:{
         num_rpc:1,
         total_time:2.13ms
     }, 
     total_process_time: 231.5µs,
     total_wait_time: 732.9µs, 
     tikv_wall_time: 995.8µs,
     scan_detail: {
        total_process_keys: 1, 
        total_process_keys_size: 150, 
        total_keys: 1, 
        get_snapshot_time: 691.7µs,
        rocksdb: {
            block: {
                cache_hit_count: 2,
                read_count: 1,
                read_byte: 8.19 KB,
                read_time: 10.3µs
            }
        }
    },
```

```

The base costs are in [the pd source](https://github.com/tikv/pd/blob/aeb259335644d65a97285d7e62b38e7e43c6ddca/client/resource_group/controller/config.go#L58C19-L67) and the calculations are done in [model.go](https://github.com/tikv/pd/blob/54219d649fb4c8834cd94362a63988f3c074d33e/client/resource_group/controller/model.go#L107)

> If you are using 7.1.x, the calculation is sum `BeforeKVRequest() + AfterKVRequest()` in `pd/pd-client/model.go`, that is:

Reviewer: Should this be v7.1 and newer (or older)? Or specifically v7.1?

Author: Updated to 7.1+

```

> before :

Reviewer: before what? before v7.1?

Author: Updated to make it more clear that it means before request is processed/after request is processed.

>
> This value shows the actual RUs consumed by this execution. The same SQL statement might consume different amounts of RUs each time it is executed due to the effects of caching (for example, [coprocessor cache](/coprocessor-cache.md)).

> The RU count can be calculated from the other values in `EXPLAIN ANALYZE`; specifically, the `executeInfo` block. For example, given:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can calculate the RU from the other values in `EXPLAIN ANALYZE`, specifically the `execution info` column. For example:
```

> ```
>  'executeInfo':
>      time:2.55ms, 
>      loops:2, 
>      RU:0.329460, 
>      Get:{
>          num_rpc:1,
>          total_time:2.13ms
>      }, 
>      total_process_time: 231.5µs,
>      total_wait_time: 732.9µs, 
>      tikv_wall_time: 995.8µs,
>      scan_detail: {
>         total_process_keys: 1, 
>         total_process_keys_size: 150, 
>         total_keys: 1, 
>         get_snapshot_time: 691.7µs,
>         rocksdb: {
>             block: {
>                 cache_hit_count: 2,
>                 read_count: 1,
>                 read_byte: 8.19 KB,
>                 read_time: 10.3µs
>             }
>         }
>     },
> ```

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
```json
'executeInfo':
   time:2.55ms, 
   loops:2, 
   RU:0.329460, 
   Get:{
       num_rpc:1,
       total_time:2.13ms
   }, 
   total_process_time: 231.5µs,
   total_wait_time: 732.9µs, 
   tikv_wall_time: 995.8µs,
   scan_detail: {
      total_process_keys: 1, 
      total_process_keys_size: 150, 
      total_keys: 1, 
      get_snapshot_time: 691.7µs,
      rocksdb: {
          block: {
              cache_hit_count: 2,
              read_count: 1,
              read_byte: 8.19 KB,
              read_time: 10.3µs
          }
      }
  },
```
````

> The base costs are in [the pd source](https://github.com/tikv/pd/blob/aeb259335644d65a97285d7e62b38e7e43c6ddca/client/resource_group/controller/config.go#L58C19-L67) and the calculations are done in [model.go](https://github.com/tikv/pd/blob/54219d649fb4c8834cd94362a63988f3c074d33e/client/resource_group/controller/model.go#L107)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The base costs are defined in the [`tikv/pd` source code](https://github.com/tikv/pd/blob/aeb259335644d65a97285d7e62b38e7e43c6ddca/client/resource_group/controller/config.go#L58C19-L67) and the calculations are performed in the [`model.go`](https://github.com/tikv/pd/blob/54219d649fb4c8834cd94362a63988f3c074d33e/client/resource_group/controller/model.go#L107) file.
```

> If you are using 7.1+, the calculation is sum `BeforeKVRequest() + AfterKVRequest()` in `pd/pd-client/model.go`, that is:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you are using TiDB v7.1, the calculation is sum `BeforeKVRequest() + AfterKVRequest()` in `pd/pd-client/model.go`, that is:
```

> If you are using TiDB v7.1, the calculation is sum `BeforeKVRequest() + AfterKVRequest()` in `pd/pd-client/model.go`, that is:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are using TiDB v7.1, the calculation is the sum of `BeforeKVRequest()` and `AfterKVRequest()` in `pd/pd-client/model.go`, that is:
```

```
before key/value request is processed:
      consumption.RRU += float64(kc.ReadBaseCost) -> kv.ReadBaseCost * rpc_nums

after key/value request is processed:
      consumption.RRU += float64(kc.ReadBytesCost) * readBytes -> kc.ReadBytesCost * total_process_keys_size
      consumption.RRU += float64(kc.CPUMsCost) * kvCPUMs -> kc.CPUMsCost * total_process_time
```

> For writes & batch gets the calculation is similar with different base values.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For writes and `BatchGet`, the calculation is similar with different base values.
```

> For writes and batch gets, the calculation is similar with different base values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For writes and batch gets, the calculation is similar with different base costs.
```
